Word search (#409)
worldbank/d4di: chapters/handling-data.tex

producing these kinds of resources can lead to that as well.
Therefore, your code should be written neatly with clear instructions and published openly.
It should be easy to read and understand in terms of structure, style, and syntax.

> Finally, the corresponding data setshould be openly accessible

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, the corresponding data set should be openly accessible
```

inside that secure environment.
However, password-protection alone is not sufficient,
because if the underlying data is obtained through a leak the information itself remains usable.

> datasets that include confidential information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datasets that include confidential information
```
